---
layout: post
title: My Brexit from California
subtitle: Adjusting to life in London
bigimg: /img/London.png
tags: [personal, abroad]
---

Upon arriving in London at the beginning of the year, I quickly became enchanted with the city. From the adorable kids with their British accents to the incredible skyline seen from almost any building throughout the city, London had just about everything I was looking for in an abroad experience. Although speaking the same language definitely helped with my cultural assimilation, there were still several ways in which I had to adapt to this new way of life. 

Born and raised in California, I embraced the laid back vibe. This meant that I would stroll from place to place, shamelessly binge watch Netflix shows for hours, and take naps all the time. Unfortunately, this relaxed, or some may say lazy, lifestyle did not fly in London. People would push past me on the streets and yell if I stood on the left side of the escalator. I was constantly on edge for the first couple weeks as I learned these new standards of behavior and adjusted accordingly. Somehow after just a couple months, I'm the one that gets annoyed when people walk too slow on busy streets or block my path by taking touristy pictures. I also realized that the half smile that I used to have plastered on my face was often seen as creepy or weird. This was hard to change because I think I have a resting happy and confused face, so it was a bit sad but I eventually turned that smile upside down? Overall, London has a large international community which has helped ease the transition and allowed me to enjoy the city rather than worry about my conduct.

My time here has shown me that the most memorable experiences come from exploring without plans. Walking down the streets of the East End, an area tainted by poverty and crime (Jack the Ripper!), I discovered phenomenal street art and delicious vendor food. After a quick run alongside Regent's Canal, I reached the beautiful park right in time for sunset and indulged in the best grilled cheese I've ever tasted from Camden Market. Wandering through Mayfair, I meandered into probably ten small art galleries in a single day, giving me a better appreciation for modern art and local artists. While a club crawl introduced me to the great nightlife in London, the best part was the classic Five Guys stop at 3AM. Bar hopping through Soho culminated in me pole dancing in a gay bar, though I'm still unsure how I ended up there. These and so many more experiences have shaped my time abroad, and I'm excited to make even more memories in London and throughout Europe.

Despite my love for London, there are lots of things I miss from home, and there are still moments that I feel lonely or out of place. I've made great friends, but these temporary connections just don't compare to many of the ones I have back in the states. I miss not having to cook all the time, the short walk to classes, all the pookies at Linde, and the late nights with Suite Beets. I look forward to going home, but I also have so much more to see and do while I'm here. I'm so grateful for this opportunity to live a completely different life for a few months. In the time I have left before summer, I'll continue to embrace everything this wonderful city has to offer and to travel throughout Europe to take in as much of the world as I can. Here's to writing my story day by day and making each chapter even better than the last. 
